CHAPTER 1

The game will begin with a black screen showing the title and starting with the very first part of Magnuson's
speech in the background, then the funeral scene will apear slowly as a transition and Magnuson keeps talking,

MAGNUSSON: "Eli Vance was a good friend, a good colleague, and a good father. He always had brilliant ideas for the progress of mankind, and he brave and tirelessly fought against the forces that have undergone our species for a long time to regain our freedom. It is truly hard to concieve that our most recent victory has been overshadowed by the departure of a beloved friend as Eli Vance was To honour him, it is my, and was his, wish that we should destroy the Borealis, to prevent it from  falling into the hands of our greatest enemies. I am sure his loving daughter, Alyx, will fulfill this wish.

He standsproud with generals sitting behind him, and a closed casket in front of him. The hanger is quiet except for his voice until it stops.

Mag shouts out

MAGNUSSON: "The Combine will fall. The combine will be destroyed. Our forces will avenge our loss ones, and bring about a new age of peace and prospertity!" 

After his speech, Mag will step down and disappear among the crowd. The crowd disperses and Gordon is controlled by himself to the outside where small groups of Rebels gather around to speak against walls, by the helicopters, or just anywhere. The player can now free roam and explore the facility. Gordon will find his objective after searching and speaking with Kleiner who is at a workbench, repairing a radio as Rebels sit and relax around him. 

**********

KLEINER: "Good morning Freeman!" Kleiner would say happily then fall into a depression,  "Well, we've had better ones"

Kleiner places his radio down and approaches Freeman

KLEINER: "I've known Eli for many long years; in fact, I still remember the day when he entered Black Mesa. I knew he would be special in some way, yet I was ignorant until now. I wish he was told of how important he was to everyone before his unjust death, but there is no need to cry now; there's only need to be happy. I am sure Alyx would help finish what he began, but I'm not sure how she's holding up. Can you check on her? I know that she is a very strong young woman, but witnessing her father die might have broken her. From what I hear, she's in another hanger area, so please check on her - she might need you, Gordon." 

Kleiner walks to other experiments, checking on them and doing stuff as he speaks, including desperately looking for Lamarr.

**********
As you walk around, you hear rebels arguing with each other.

REBEL TALKS 

	REBEL 1: "The super portal seems to be gone, good thing the rocket launch worked."

	REBEL 2: "Yeah, but It's too bad that the advisors got Eli before Gordon and Alyx left"

	REBEL 1: "I just wonder about Alyx... she doesn't quite seem herself"

	REBEL 2: "It must be hard, losing your father like that. Everybody is looking on her to follow through with her fathers plans."

	REBEL 1: "You mean about the Borealis? Hmm, I thought is obvious that it is a better idea saving it to use against the Combine."

	REBEL 2: "What do you mean? That would be dangerous, it should be destroyed immediately!"

	REBEL 1: "But Dr. Kleiner has shown that with the technology on that ship, we could defeat the Combine for good."

	REBEL 2: "That's a stronger reason to destroy it. If the Combine reach it before we do, they could could totally exterminate us."

	REBEL 1: "Yes, but if the Combine reach it before we do, we can't destroy it anyway. Better to take what you can have then destroy it."

	REBEL 2: "I think we should spend more time in weapons research. Dr. Magnusson has been attempting to create a long-range missile that could destroy the Borealis. If we let him have more time, he could possibly make one."

	REBEL 1: "We should be spending more effort on trying to take the ship then to destroy it. With that power..."

	REBEL 2: "Stop that..."


	REBEL 3: "Well, seems like they are preparing us to travel for the search of that so-called "Borealis"

	REBEL 4: "Yeah, i've heard that ship was lost in ages, and it has a lot of science stuff inside of it"

	REBEL 3: "What type of sience stuff."

	REBEL 4: "I believe its something powerful, like... i don't know, maybe a super weapon or things like that"

	REBEL 3: "Whew, Do you think they will let us use it?"

	REBEL 4: "We are not going to play with some kind of toys, we are going to destroy that ship when we will find it."

	REBEL 3: "WHAT? Why do they want us to do that? Its stupid"

	REBEL 4: "Calm down, I am sure we will know once we get there"

	REBEL 3: "But, I don't understand, if that Borealis thing can help us to win this blasted war, Why do they want to blow the crap out of it? We"

	REBEL 4: "They must have their reasons, we need to trust them. We are not scientists anyway."


	REBEL 5: "What do you think about Dr. Magnusson and Dr. Kleiner arguing about the Borealis?"

	REBEL 6: "I think we should be quiet and let do their thing."

	REBEL 5: "Really? I would like to know what I am going to be ordered to do."

	REBEL 6: "You want to get removed over a stupid ship?"

	REBEL 5: "Of course not, I just want to know what they are doing. Eli always told us."

	REBEL 6: "Well Eli's dead. So just do your work."

	REBEL 5: "You can't expel me. People can't get kicked out of rebels."

	REBEL 6: "Well I think I can arrange something if you really want to."

	REBEL 5: "Ok, I will be quiet."

	REBEL 6: "Finally."
	
REBEL RESPONSES BELOW

	"Hello."
	"Sorry for your loss, Freeman."
	"We'll make the Combine pay!"
	"When will war end?"
	"Freeman, you're a scientist! Um, I need help with a rash."
	"Do you think Eli's looking down at us?"
	"The Borealis better be true."
	"Ah! You scared me, Freeman."
	"Hey, Freeman, is this about the wrench? I didn't know it was yours."
	"Hello, Gordon!"
	"Are you going to tell us stories of Black Mesa, Gordon?"
	*whisper* "Hey, Gordon, what's so important about Eli?"
	"I wonder how Alyx is dealing with all this."
	"God, what I would do for a drink around here."
	"I've lost a whole lot back at City 17, and not much has changed. I'm going to miss him."
	"I'm going to take a finger from each Combine freak I see to honour Eli."
	"I miss my home, Freeman, and now I must miss someone like Eli. Please, avenge Mister Vance and finish this war. I want to go 		home."
	"Sometimes... I dream about cheese."
	"You smell that? That's freedom."
	"We're about to drop the hammer, you'll see."
	"Please. Don't keep me waiting."
	"We should be used to these things happening by now. We know it's bound to happen sooner or later, but when they do... it never gets easier. It never does"

**********

Gordon would travel to a different hanger where he would find Alyx sitting alone with Dog standing beside her. Mag would be speaking to her, but not clearly heard, but stops when he notices Gordon. after Mag stops, he clears his throat,

MAGNUSSON: "Didn't see you there, Gordon," he fixes his tie, "I was comforting Alyx over here."

MAG: "Right Alyx?" 

He asks her. She looks up at Gordon then to Mag and back before speaking, 

ALYX: "Yes, he was helping me." 

Mag smiles and approaches Gordon, saying, 

MAGNUSSON: "Well Gordon.... good luck, and be careful. I wouldn't want to lose you and her over a simple search and destroy mission."

Mag leaves, and Alyx retreats her head to face the floor. Dog places a hand on her shoulder and comfortly makes mechanical noises only to be yelled at, 

ALYX: "Get off of me!"

Dog backs up, whimpering. Alyx stands and tries to comfort Dog, worried, 

ALYX: "I'm sorry. I don't know what came o-" She pauses then looks to Gordon, "Forget it," she says, "Let's go Gordon." 

**********

Gordon and Alyx stroll through the facility and arrive at the helicopter at its landing pad. Dog follows them.

They watch Rebel soldiers yelling out as they places equipment on the roaring copter, 

REBEL: "It's gonna be a frozen bleak world up there, and with the Combine, you're gonna be in for one hell of a treat!" 

Alyx smirks and says through her strained voice, 

ALYX: "I'm ready for anything." 

Alyx climbed into the copter and straps herself in. Gordon follows and sits opposite to her. Dog waves at Alyx, and Alyx waves back frantically. 

The helicopter lifts up, and the chapter ends.

**********

CHAPTER 2

There would be 3 people in the helicopter
Gordon, Alyx, And a rebel pilot (cause i don't think alyx or gordon could fly a helicopter)

In the helicopter flying to the arctic

Alyx: Gordon, I know you didn't have to do this. It was my fath...

The radar goes of seeing multiple objects coming at them

The Pilot: What? I’m receiving multiple signals of objects coming to~ Oh No!! They’re onto us!

Alyx: What? Oh no, 

The pilot would try to out maneuver but it would be too much to dodge

The Pilot: Brace Yourselves! Prepare for Impact!!!!

If you looked to the left you would be able to see a shell go through the helicopter

The helicopter would start to spin and would fall to the ground

Alyx: Agh No! Gordon hold on!!

**********

The helicopter crashes

Alyx: No!

the screen would go black for a second and you would hear the gordon freeman breathing and after a few seconds you would see gordon freeman opening his eyes

The screen would be a bit blurry

Alyx: "Gordon... no... please no.... not again..."

Gordon Stands up

Alyx: Gordon! Oh god i thought you...

Alyx would give Gordon a hug. After that, the player would have full control

All the weapons are gone except the Grav gun and Alyx's gun

********

Alyx uses "a device" to follow mossman's coordinates. Eventually they find the combine outpost.

As they approach it, they don't see a entrance. Alyx proposes you walk around it. As you walk around, you see a dropoff. As you near it, you see a body. This body has a Ice Pick

ALYX: "That could be useful. Lets bring it with us."

Once you get to the edge of the cliff, you see a ledge below.

ALYX: "I think you can get to the ledge with that sledgehammer. Lets try it."

You get there and climb down to the bottom.

ALYX: "Do you see anyway to get me down?"

You walk around a little bit and grab some pieces of a machine. Once you put about (3) in a machine, some unknown aliens attack you.

ALYX: "What's happening down there?"

You fight some more, then get the lift to finish. Once the lift is going up some more aliens attack you


********


********

The outpost seems deserted, as you walk around you don't see anything. When you enter a building, you see stalkers imprisoned.
Alyx whimpers a little bit, then feels sorry for them.
You put them to sleep with a button.
As you keep on going, exploring the buildings, there could be some caves in them and antlions will jump out and attack you from them.
You could have to go through a cave to get past a wall or something.
Eventually you are walking around a corner and alyx stops you

ALYX: "Shh, I hear something."
You pause and you hear breens voice

BREEN: "You can't find the Borealis? How idiotic are you?"

The Chapter ends

CHAPTER 3

Alyx and Gordon get their first few of the Combine base from afar, in place of the expected Borealis. The terrain surrounding it is unseeable as white, only the dark blue mesh of the many Combine soldiers. It becoming clear that there'll be no way to reach Mossman or the ship on the surface, Alyx looks for another way. At this point, the Resistance soldiers also arrive, and Alyx and Gordon begin their trek followed closely deep underground, planning to get within the Combine's complex from the hidden underneath.
//The end of the chapter should be shortly after they have "entered" the base, and if we're going to put Shephard in Episode 3 at all we should do it here. Sorry for my many delays in rewriting that.

CHAPTER 4

More and more Combine soldiers are encountered underground, with Hunters also appearing on rare occasions. Alyx, Gordon and the Resistance (maybe also Adrian) fight through the Combine base. They eventually get to Mossman's cell. They free her, and she tells Alyx and Gordon (again, I don't really think he should be added given the story but if Adrian must be added, here) about the Borealis and how its co-ordinates were those it was planned to arrive at, as the Borealis could also travel through time. Tensions begin to rise as Alyx realises over the chapter that Mossman indeed thinks that the Borealis should be used and not destroyed. This chapter should mainly have a combat focus.

CHAPTER 5

In the final, tiresome stretch across the base (but short as not to be too repetitively hard) everyone makes their way to the place where Judith is able to use the provided "keys" to ensure the Boeralis arrives without being captured by the Combine, and they manage to eventually make their way on. Adrian is left back (if he's involved) and wishes Gordon good luck. [INSERT REST OF THE STORY AND NOTHING EXTRA HERE]
